Excellent.
Next in our agenda is going to be the skills section.
We're all gonna have four column layout and within each and every column there's going to be Phantasm
and as we're gonna be hovering first all the background color is gonna change for the whole column as
well as this awesome font awesome icon is gonna move up a little bit then there's just gonna be some
text within the title and within the paragraph as always we we're all gonna have to head over first
to indexation email to get our content.
And here also as always we're going to set up our skills section so we're gonna say skills suction cup
and paste it and let's write all year end of skills section and what we would like to write over here
first maybe let's start with the general section so there is gonna be a section tag that's gonna work
as our divider and as a side note you can already see that we use the H the email semantic tag or the
header so the same thing we're gonna be doing here as we're working with separate section we're all
just gonna setting this up within the separate section element instead of using the Dave or anything
like that which is going to say that there's going to be section you'll want ad section over here you
can go ahead and do that.
Now this is just used for styling so I probably wouldn't suggest that but in general we will gonna do
the same setup where whenever there's gonna be some type of section whether that's skills or about or
I don't know product we we're gonna start placing everything within the section element then we're gonna
add some kind of class and then we're going to obviously go from there within the section there's gonna
be four columns and first we're gonna add the comment that in general this would be one of them and
then we right away again I had again and of skill.
So this would be our single skill the way we're gonna write it is gonna be single skill as well as end
of single skill that's gonna be our setup why again I'm adding the comments because I would want to
copy and paste them four times and I always find it easier where I can see the starting from that particular
thing as well as the ending and the way we're gonna set it up everything within the section since this
would be something individual that could stand on their own we can just place this in the article again
we could have used the div but it makes a little bit more sense semantically if we're placing your everything
within the article now what is gonna be within the article there is gonna be a span and within this
panel we're gonna start using font awesome so the font awesome name for the first guy is gonna be F
Yes f a mug shot let me say this first of all we're not gonna be able to see anything because I needed
to use the at expansion and now I can say it and all the way in the bottom you probably can see that
there's a little cup or mug of tea or coffee could be anything really it's up to your imagination and
then we're after the sperm have our title so we're gonna stay here having three will out right away
from class the class is gonna be skill title and then we'll get right here Made in U S.
That's gonna be our title.
I understand that it might be hard a little bit because we're just placing the HDMI also a lot of things
are gonna be hard to see but you just need to follow along everything that I'm gonna be typing here
and just trust me that eventually we're gonna get to something like this where we just need to add some
style and that's all made in the US is gonna be all right in three and then we're gonna have a paragraph
with class of skill text as well as we would like to place like some 10 words and remember with Emmett
which you could use Lorem and then we're gonna say 10 words.
So that's gonna be our text.
That would be our first single skill but we would need three more because we have total of four.
So in this case again we would need to select whatever skill we're having.
And you can do the keyboard shortcuts you can do copy and paste doesn't really matter.
And now I'm gonna copy and paste this three times.
So one two three.
And here is the case where we would want to start using the different values because there's not gonna
be four of them exactly the same.
There are gonna be a little bit different now for the second one first of all gonna be getting a different
one.
Awesome.
The name is gonna be glass.
Cheers and have to be honest with you I was struggling with the phantasm icons to find the correct one.
So this is really my imagination.
You probably maybe know the better ones so you can use the better ones.
And here we're gonna say relaxation.
That would be with the glass of chairs.
After that we have the F A bomb.
So I'm going to scroll down a little bit.
We're going to say f a bomb and here we're gonna write energy so we can delete this and let's write
energy.
Now that is gonna be our third skill and the fourth one is gonna be a family recipe.
We're first of all let's write this and I'm gonna pronounce probably the font awesome incorrectly that's
why I'm leaving this for the last.
And let's read family recipe.
Let's say this.
And like I said how we're gonna mispronounce this so bear with me.
So I believe this is more than I have best all.
So let's say something like this again.
I haven't really worked with these values meaning in English so my apologies but whatever this is the
name that I'm looking for.
So it's spelled p e SD the.
And again if this is funny how I mispronounced everything.
Hopefully this is funny.
Hopefully you're not mad or anything like that but this would be our HDMI setup.
Now we're done with this section.
As far as the email is concerned obviously we're gonna head over to see and start styling this.